Alerting docs: update `Configure Alertmanagers` (#93712)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/alerting/set-up/configure-alertmanager/index.md

{{< figure src="/media/docs/alerting/alerting-alertmanager-architecture.png" max-width="750px" alt="A diagram with the alert generator and alert manager architecture" >}}

This architecture decouples alert rule evaluation from notification handling, allowing Grafana alerts to be forwarded to other alertmanagers.

> Grafana can be configured to forward alerts to different types of alertmanagers. It’s important to note that each alertmanager manages its own independent alerting resources, such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grafana can be configured to forward firing alert instances to different types of Alertmanagers. It’s important to note that each Alertmanager manages its own independent alerting resources. 
```

Reviewer: can we give an example here? something alsong the lines of for example, when creating an alert rule, you have to make sure that the same alertmanager is selected across all the resources that belong to that alert rule?

Author: https://github.com/grafana/grafana/pull/93712/commits/6a83a779f515bed75c6b720d62a69527fb4e208b has rewritten a bit this paragraph -> `Grafana can use different Alertmanagers.` 

The section "manage Alertmanager configurations" is the one that refer about routing alert instances to other Alertmanagers.  However, this is a more advanced case, and I believe this falls within the scope of a different project.

Reviewer: Maybe something like Grafana can be configured to forward firing alert instances to other Alertmanagers that you can configure. It;s important to note that xxx  (see add an Alertmanager). -> in this "advanced" topic we can then provide an example of how this works. because i don't think it's clear or wasn't at least to the customer that you then had to make sure that the right alertmanager was selected across all alerting resources.

Author: @brendamuir two or three discussions here:

> can be configured to forward firing alert instances to other Alertmanagers that you can configure

1 - I thought again about this and decided for `Grafana can use different Alertmanagers` because `forward firing alert instances` is a particular case. But you can use Alertmanagers for other cases, for example, creating data source-managed alerts.

> because i don't think it's clear or wasn't at least to the customer

2 - the underlying issue was that Alertmanagers are independent each other. Users have to select the Alertmanager and create notification policies, contact points, templates, etc for that particular Alertmanager. 

This PR attempts to clarify that in the intro, and place the screenshot of the UI next to this info. 

3 - The case of "forward firing alert instances to external alerts" is different than creating data source-managed alerts. I just took a quick look but it seems the Alertmanager configuration JSON model should be edited, and we should then document the relevant JSON properties.

- Contact points and notification templates
- Notification policies and mute timings
- Silences
- Active notifications

> The `Choose Alertmanager` menu on these pages allows you to switch between alertmanagers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `Choose Alertmanager` on these pages to switch between Alertmanagers.
```

{{< figure src="/media/docs/alerting/alerting-choose-alertmanager.png" max-width="750px" alt="A screenshot choosing an Alertmanager in the notification policies UI" >}}

## Types of Alertmanagers in Grafana

> Grafana can be configured to forward both Grafana-managed and data source-managed alerts to various alertmanagers, depending on your infrastructure and alerting requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grafana can be configured to forward both Grafana-managed and data source-managed alerts to various Aertmanagers, depending on your infrastructure and alerting requirements.
```

- **Grafana Alertmanager**: Grafana has its own built-in Alertmanager, referred to as "Grafana" in the user interface. It is the default Alertmanager and can only handle Grafana-managed alerts.

- **Cloud Alertmanager**: Each Grafana Cloud instance comes preconfigured with an additional alertmanager (`grafanacloud-STACK_NAME-ngalertmanager`) from the Mimir (Prometheus) instance running in the Grafana Cloud Stack.

>   The Cloud Alertmanager is available exclusively in Grafana Cloud and can handle both Grafana-managed and data source-managed alerts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Cloud Alertmanager is available exclusively in Grafana Cloud and can handle both Grafana-managed and data source-managed alerts.
```

Reviewer: the alert term again - shall we specifically say alert rules and instances?

Author: we've using the term alerts in the context of notification handling. - I'd leave it as it is until we decide standarizing the term.

>   Some Grafana Cloud services, such as **Kubernetes Monitoring** and **Synthetic Monitoring**, use the Cloud Alertmanager to create and manage alerts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Some Grafana Cloud services, such as **Kubernetes Monitoring** and **Synthetic Monitoring** use the Cloud Alertmanager to create and manage alerts.
```

> - **Other Alertmanagers**: Grafana Alerting also supports sending alerts to other alertmanagers, such as the [Prometheus Alertmanager](https://prometheus.io/docs/alerting/latest/alertmanager/), which can handle Grafana-managed alerts and data sources-managed alerts such as alerts from Loki, Mimir, and Prometheus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Other Alertmanagers**: Grafana Alerting also supports sending alerts to other Alertmanagers, such as the [Prometheus Alertmanager](https://prometheus.io/docs/alerting/latest/alertmanager/), which can handle Grafana-managed alerts and data sources-managed alerts such as alerts from Loki, Mimir, and Prometheus.
```

From Grafana, you can configure and administer your own Alertmanager to receive Grafana alerts.

> After adding the Alertmanager, you can use the Grafana Alerting UI to manage notification policies, contact points, and other alerting resources for external Alertmanagers from within Grafana, with support for HTTP basic authentication credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After adding an Alertmanager, you can use the Grafana Alerting UI to manage notification policies, contact points, and other alerting resources from within Grafana, with support for HTTP basic authentication credentials.
```
